access package assignment removal (#12812)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-post.md

}
```

> ### Example 4: Remove an assignment
> #### Request
> 
> The following example shows how to remove an assignment.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 4: Remove an assignment

To remove assignments, create a new accessPackageAssignmentRequest object with the following settings:
+ The value of the **requestType** property set to `AdminRemove`.
+ In the accessPackageAssignment property, include a list of identifiers of the accessPackageAssignment objects to delete.

#### Request
```

Author: added
